EXERCISE 1

1. Write the select command that will obtain the title
and book number
2. Write a command that selects title number 10
3. Write a command that dials the reader number and penalty
4. Write the command with which to get
book and author number for all books that
author is Charles Dickens or Jane Austen
5. Write a command that selects a title number and title for
all records of the "adventure" string
where in the title.
6. Write a command that dials the reader number, the penalty
and a paid penalty for all who are not yet
SQL - basic commands - final exercise
they paid.
7. Write a command that select all pairs
cities and states with an adult array.

EXERCISE 2

1. Write a command that selects all the titles in the table
title and displays them in alphabetical order.
2. Write a command that:
- selects library number, book isbn and value
written penalties for all rentals for which
SQL - basic commands - final exercise
a penalty was charged
- create a computation column like a double value
well_appreciated column
- create alias 'double fine' for this column
Exercise 2 - manipulation
the resulting set
3. Write the command that
- column column that contains columns: column
library library, initialized middle name and last name for
all the movies of the library who are called Anderson
- name the resulting column "email_name"
- modification of the order, execution by the execution of the "list of elections
e-mail logins ”services by activity and change
modify the command, execute by executing the "suggestion list"
e-mail logins ”services by activity and change
library, with the initiation of the middle name and the first book
capital letters (all lower case letters).
- use the SUBSTRING function to obtain a part of the wire
character and LOWER for lower case letters
- use the (+) operator to execute strings.
4. Write a command that selects title and title_no from the array
title.
The result should be a single column with the format as in
presentation below:
The title is: Poems, title number 7
So the query should have the expected value of the column in the results
o setting that combines 4 elements:
character character "Title is:"
title value
character character "title number"
value of the column title_no